Previously on This Is Us...
Soph, I made a horrible mistake.
It happened one time
and it didn't mean anything.
I'm so sorry.
I heard the pool closed down.
(clears throat)
The one we went to growing up.
Just want to check it out
before it disappears.
Kev, right now's
probably not the right...
Don't follow me. I'm not 12.
Build me that house.
The house he was gonna
build for me.
KEVIN:
This is it, this is
the land that will
eventually become
the Pearson family mecca.
CASSIDY:
Hey, look at me.
You give me that photo,
or the entire village pays,
including you and your child.
KEVIN:
Would you want to help
Nicky oversee the construction?
I'll think about it.
You'll think about it.
Very good.
Well, you think away.
I'm a little nervous,
so I wrote down some notes.
Um...
There is no easy way
to start this.
Um...
♪ ♪
Come on, guys. Come on.
First day of summer,
we don't want
to be the last ones in the pool.
-And you know what Mom and Dad
have for you guys.
-Oh!
BOTH: Swim goggles!
-I want one!
-Share, share...
I want to go on
the diving board.
Don't you think we ought
to teach you how to swim first,
-Kev?
-REBECCA: Yeah,
I know you didn't like
taking your swim lessons,
but they sure
helped your brother
learn to swim at the Y.
BOY:
Guys, I'm gonna touch the drain!
I want to dive off the diving
board and touch the drain.
Hey, once more
for the cheap seats:
we got to teach you
how to swim first, okay?
Let's say we do
something about that, huh?
Take your shirt off.
Hey, you, uh, you got Kate?
Yeah. I got Kate.
You ready?
Come on. Whoa.
Yeah, I don't think he's here.
He was drunk and said
he was going to the pool.
We don't have
a lot of other leads.
You know,
Beth seemed really eager
to take the early train
back to school.
Yeah, wouldn't you be, too,
after that dinner?
I wish I was on it with her.
Kev?
What are you doing?
Oh, good, you guys are here.
Working on my Triple Lindy.
-KATE: Kev...
-RANDALL: Stop.
-KATE: Kevin. Kevin! Hey.
-Come on. Hey... Wa... Hey.
KATE:
Please, can you just get down?
-Please.
-RANDALL: Come on, man.
-Stop.
-You literally just recovered
from a broken leg.
If I dive off,
I can touch the drain.
REBECCA: I need you all
to hear my voice right now.
Your mother's voice,
with all of her faculties.
You will not make your lives
smaller because of me.
This thing that's
happening to me
will not be the thing
that holds you back.
So take the risks.
Make the big moves,
even if they're small moves.
Forge ahead with your lives
in any and every direction
that moves you.
I am your mother
and I'm sick.
And I'm asking you
to be fearless.
-Hey.
Heard you had a rough night
in there. You all right?
Eh, all part of being
the parent of a teenager.
As you'll see all too soon.
Yo, safe travels, siblings.
Okay, we'll see you guys in L.A.
for Mom and Mig's
anniversary party.
-KEVIN: All right.
-Love you.
KEVIN: Love you.
Well, I am off to start
my fearless, best life for Mom.
-Whatever that is. (chuckles)
-Do you, brother.
(chuckles): You guys take care.
♪ It does not bother me
to say this isn't love ♪
♪ If you don't want
to talk about... ♪
Come on, guys,
it's, like, really...
It's Counting Crows.
It's like a lullaby.
Don't you want to go to sleep?
Huh? Do you want
to get some sleep
so Daddy can get some sleep?
Huh? It's time to go to bed.
Guys? It's...
(sighs) Do you think
it's me or the Crows?
-The combination?
-It's...
I can never get them to
sleep when they're supposed to,
you know,
when Madison's not around.
They're here with me
and t-they're up
all night, they're crying.
You just got to parent
with confidence, Kev.
You know, they really respond
to that kind of energy.
You can do it.
I really want to be great
at guitar.
Yeah, well...
♪ ♪
(exhales)
Applesauce. Applesauce.
(Kevin babbles softly)
Come on.
Yeah, baby, you got this.
♪ Who draws the crowd
and plays so loud? ♪
♪ Baby, it's the guitar man... ♪
Don't breathe in.
(exhales sharply)
Don't breathe it in.
I can't get any in my mouth.
(exhales)
Okay, home free.
♪ He can make you love... ♪
That's... I don't know
how they linger like that.
Legit, it's awful.
♪ He will bring you down... ♪
Going anywhere
over our break, Kevin?
Uh, yeah, you know,
Madison had the kids
over Thanksgiving,
so I thought I'd take them
to our family cabin.
-TYLER: That sounds nice.
-Yeah, it'll be great.
How many nannies you bringing?
-(laughter)
-Well, our one nanny, actually,
we gave her two weeks off
to visit her family, so...
Wait, so...
you're traveling east
with the twins?
I am.
-Alone?
-I am?
Are you insane?
At least go on
some trial runs first.
I'm taking the kids
to the cabin, okay?
It's fine.
Uncle Nicky will be there.
So, family will be there.
Uncle Nicky is your
ace in the hole here?
-(stifled laugh)
-Okay, no.
Fine. Listen, uh,
Cassidy will be there, too.
(whistles)
Cassidy.
KEVIN:
It's not like that.
Okay? It's not like that.
She's there supervising
the construction with Nicky.
Okay? And she's bringing
her son Matty.
So Nicky and Franny will
have someone to play with.
-It'll be great.
-KATE: Wait, uh...
-Isn't her son, like, 24?
-24?
He's-he's, like,
a 12-year-old boy.
What are you... You know what?
Enough, all right?
Enough of this.
I'm taking the kids
to the cabin.
You guys are underestimating me,
as usual.
-(babies crying)
-All right...
There we go.
Celebrities,
they're just like us, right?
All right, so...
Yeah, I'll be
right back for you.
Perfect.
There for a second... Hey.
All right.
And...
Oh, oh, that's-that's
a special...
You-you went there, you went
there before we took off?
Oh, geez...
(sighs)
Sorry about the smell, you know?
Got a bit of a, little bit
of a blowout.
Celebrities, they're just
like us, am I right?
You already said that
and I don't know who you are.
Yeah, okay.
Well... Hey, you know
what I can... I-I...
Why don't I buy
everybody a drink?
Who wants a drink?
It's first class.
-They already drink for free.
-Right.
We're good, we're good.
We're getting it.
We can do this.
We-we can do this,
we can do this.
Yeah. We can do this.
Yeah, huh?
♪ It's the guitar man ♪
♪ Who's on the radio? You go
listen to the guitar man... ♪
♪ ♪
(exhales)
(mouths)
(car beeps)
-(whispers): Franny's sleeping.
-NICKY: Oh, I know.
They're babies. Hello.
I can't believe you made it.
I said to Edie this morning,
"I'll bet you five bucks the kid
doesn't even get on the plane."
Oh, and that's why you don't
bet against the kid.
(scoffs)
Don't call yourself that.
It's-it's easier
if you just lift
the whole car seat like this...
No, so they don't wake them.
I got it.
-(babbles)
-Yeah. Piece of cake.
Oh, hey, you remember Matty.
-Oh, hey.
-Cassidy's son.
What's up, man?
-You play guitar?
-I'm learning.
You're taking guitar lessons?
I'm, you know,
I'm self-teaching.
-Oh, boy.
-Here.
-Oh.
-Case he gets cold.
-Come on.
-EDIE: Hey, Kevin.
KEVIN:
Hey. Edie.
I bet this is the first peace
and quiet you've had all day.
Oh, don't you know it.
Good to see you again.
-You look great.
-Thank you. Good to see you.
Can I just ask you a question?
Is he holding you here
against your will?
Because it's the only
explanation as to why
you'd still be with him.
Just, you know...
(whispers):
Blink twice for yes.
-(whispering): He slashed
my tires.
-Oh.
Help me.
Hey, Matty.
Matty, where's your mom?
-(distant metallic thudding)
-She's up at the site.
Is that a jackhammer?
Uh, yeah,
we're doing some demoing.
Doing some demoing? What...
We haven't built anything yet.
So, how the hell do you pour
foundation wrong, anyway?
-NICKY: It happens. Relax.
-Yeah?
Hey, uh, either one
of you seen Cassidy?
GROSS:
In the back.
By the Bobcat.
KEVIN:
Hey!
-What the hell happened?
-CASSIDY: Oh, good
to see you, too.
I know, Matty's getting so big.
It's just crazy,
time just flies.
-How was your flight?
-Cassidy.
Hey.
(engine stops)
We had a little setback.
A little setback... Oh, you
know, when I asked you to hire
a couple of workers, I meant
real construction workers.
You know? Not just some
clowns off the street.
Yeah, they're not clowns,
they're vets.
Yeah, who've done
a lot harder jobs
than building cabins
with bidets for movie stars.
-(laughs)
-What?
Sorry, you just called Kevin
a movie star.
(laughs)
CASSIDY:
Your architect's scales
were incorrect
for the back room,
but I should have caught it
before we started to pour.
-It's my bad.
-Yeah, obviously.
-Oh, come on, cool it.
-I am cool.
Just what-what is this?
What am I looking at?
-Does this set us back
a week, a month?
-CASSIDY: Hey.
You don't pay me enough
to take this crap.
I need to get back to work.
-The hell's her problem?
-Her problem?
Oh, I don't know. Kid's not
taking the divorce well,
I hear her pacing the halls
at night when she crashes here.
And she devoted
her adult life to a war
that just ended
with an apology and a fart.
So, you know,
that kind of stuff.
She's busting her ass
for you, kid.
-We're all busting our ass here.
-I know.
I know.
And you're right. I'm sorry.
It's just...
I'm sort of a stressed-out
parent myself, you know?
No, no, you're an idiot.
I mean, why-why didn't
you just fly Mary Poppins
out here on, you know,
one of your Learjets?
-No, because I can do this.
-(stifled laugh)
Oh, I'm sorry.
(chuckles)
I thought you were being cute.
(babies crying)
(indistinct chatter)
(thudding)
KEVIN (softly):
All right...
Uhp. Which...
You want to go...
I'll go that way.
Can't imagine why you two
didn't work out.
Uh-huh.
Hey, listen, um,
I just wanted to say...
I'm sorry about,
you know, being a dick earlier.
Uh, you mean, like, an hour ago,
or, like, since I met you?
Like, an hour ago.
Mm. Sorry for
the foundation screwup.
Is that "sorry for
the foundation screwup"
or "sorry for the foundation,
Screwup"?
Can it be both?
(clears throat)
Oh, can I sit there?
You want to sit here?
Yeah, sure.
All right. You know
what I think we need to do?
-Toast. Yeah? Cheers.
-NICKY: Yeah.
-Cheers.
-KEVIN: Thank you for coming.
It's good to have
everyone here, right?
(laughter)
-Uh... Oh, thanks.
-(laughs)
(trills)
EDIE:
Okay. What you got?
Pennsylvania Avenue. $320.
Well, actually,
that's my property,
and it's $1,100,
so you owe me $1,400.
-NICKY: Whoa.
-MATTY: Okay. Cool...
REBECCA:
All right, Kev, your turn.
JACK:
Come on, bud.
-(yelling)
-What?!
Stay, guys.
$500, please.
♪ ♪
MATTY:
Can I play guitar?
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Let's do it.
Here we go. All right.
Nice and relaxed, there you go.
-Remember that shape of a D?
-Oh, yeah.
Yeah?
Good.
Ooh, almost there.
-Think you push a little harder.
-(off-key chord plays)
Oh, you know, I-I miss
the jackhammer.
-I'm sorry, guys,
that is enough.
-(laughs)
-KEVIN: You're kidding.
It takes time.
-Let me find some real music.
-KEVIN: It takes time to rip.
-Excuse me. (laughs)
("Ooo Baby Baby" by Smokey
Robinson & The Miracles)
Come on, dance with me, baby.
-Oh, baby.
-All right.
Let's show these youngins
how it's done, honey.
♪ Ooh, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ I did you wrong ♪
♪ My heart went out to play ♪
♪ But in the game I lost you ♪
♪ What a price to pay ♪
♪ Hey ♪
EDIE:
♪ I'm crying ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Baby, baby... ♪
Come on, Smokey.
(laughs)
♪ Baby, baby... ♪
(insects chirping)
(phone ringing, vibrating)
Hello?
This is he.
Car accident... A car accident?
Wait, hold-hold on,
that's impossible.
Cassidy? I was just with...
-Kick, kick, kick, kick, kick.
-I already know how to kick.
-REBECCA: Just take
one more step in.
-I don't want to.
Okay.
Now can I go off
the diving board?
You want to go off
You got to pass a swim test
if you want to go
into the deep end.
All right?
Look. Hey, you see these kids?
You see them when they jump off
the diving board
and they're swimming
to the side,
they're swimming to the wall?
You see that?
They're not
sinking to the bottom.
So, hey, how about
you swim to that wall--
you think you can do that?
Okay. Here we go.
Go ahead.
Jack?
Yeah, I-I got him.
Jack.
(strains):
Okay, okay.
I got him.
He's just a child, Jack.
Yeah, and someday
he's gonna be a man.
(coughing)
Hey, you're not ready
for the deep end yet, bud.
-Okay?
-Leave me alone.
REBECCA:
Hey, hey, Bug? You're gonna
stay here with Daddy...
All I ever wanted, um,
when I was little was
to touch this damn drain.
(laughs softly)
Mission completed.
And I feel nothing.
KATE:
Ooh, God.
-You're so depressing.
-(chuckles)
-Ugh...
-I was just...
scared my hair was gonna
get caught in it.
That's an urban legend.
No one ever got their hair
caught in... (screams)
-Randall! No!
-(laughs)
-I thought I lost you.
-(both laugh)
KATE:
You...
-RANDALL: You got me.
-I don't belong here.
In the deep end.
I-I belong in the shallow end.
'C-Cause I'm shallow
a-and stupid.
-Oh, we got it, yeah.
-Yeah.
Randall.
You belong in the deep end.
You're the brainiac.
Kate, you do, too, you know,
if you could ever
get out of your own way.
I just don't have what it takes.
(laughs softly)
I'm not, uh... solid.
(tongue clicks)
The one solid thing
I had in my life
was Sophie and I blew it.
I don't have the right stuff
underneath me.
I don't have the, uh...
-uh...
-Foundation.
The foundation. (clicks tongue)
See, brainiac?
Yeah.
You know what?
Maybe I'll quit acting.
Maybe I'll stay here
in Pittsburgh
and I'll pound nails like Dad.
'Cause Dad, Dad was solid.
He put a roof over our heads.
(laughs softly)
Maybe I'll do that.
Okay, all right.
Come on, Kev.
Let's get out of here.
No. I am going to...
sleep in the deep end tonight,
I want to feel what it's like,
just for the night.
Yep. Mm-hmm.
(groans)
Hi. A friend of ours
was in a car accident.
Cassidy Sharp?
Yes. She's in with
the doctors now.
Take a seat over there.
When the doctors
are done with her,
they'll come out to you.
Uh, we were told that
she's conscious and talking?
A seat. Over there.
Thanks.
This whole thing
could be my fault.
-What?
-I mean, the way
I jumped all over her
about the jackhammering.
You know,
I'm an addict myself, I...
should have known
better than that.
Maybe she, you know,
couldn't sleep
and caved in, had a few drinks,
got behind the wheel.
Yeah, you give yourself
too much credit.
Here.
You're friends of the patient
Cassidy Sharp?
-Yeah, how is she?
-She's resting now.
Though uncomfortably.
She refused any painkillers,
except Tylenol.
Well, yeah,
she's a recovering addict.
Yeah, sh-she made that clear.
And there was
no alcohol involved?
No, none in her system.
She's gonna be okay.
She suffered a fractured
clavicle and broken arm.
The humerus bone.
Maybe she went to get ice cream.
You know?
It's late, nothing's open.
She got tired and she...
She's gonna be okay, though?
Yes. Yes.
From what I understand,
the pole took the worst of it.
It was a direct hit.
But we're gonna keep an eye
on her overnight, maybe two.
She's sleeping now.
And given that she didn't
want a pain sedative,
that sleep's gonna be
very important to her.
And her doctor.
So I suggest you come back
in the morning, okay?
-KEVIN: Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
Very much.
-Thank God.
-Yeah.
Look, a broken arm,
broken clavicle,
it's not like it's nothing,
but she's sober.
And she's refusing
her pain medications,
so that's good, right?
Lighten up.
She's gonna be all right.
"Lighten up," he says.
Do you know what she did
in Afghanistan?
Human intelligence. That means
every day
that she went out in the field,
she'd visit, uh,
some poor villager's house,
and she'd say,
"As long as you help us,
"we will protect you.
We will get you
out of the country."
Sometimes she even meant it.
But even if she didn't,
that's the job.
Um... you sell it.
-She-she didn't seem
that off to me, honestly.
-Oh,
that's right. I forgot.
You went to Vietnam.
You got yourself
a little necklace, right?
Yeah, you're the expert.
Look, people like Cassidy,
they don't give you a heads-up
when they're not okay.
You find out the hard way.
You understand?
At dinner, she didn't sit
with her back to the door.
Now, I've seen that before.
I've been that before.
You don't just...
get better.
And if you think
I'm exaggerating,
let me remind you
that your father
drank in secret
trying to forget.
Let me remind you
when you busted into my trailer,
there was a gun
sitting in front of me.
That was 50 years
after boots left Vietnam.
(exhales)
Look, let's just go.
I mean, you heard the doctor.
We'll go out, we'll come back
-fresh and early.
-Whoa, whoa, I... It's...
You know, maybe...
Should one of us stay?
You want to stay?
-Me?
-Well, you're her friend,
-right?
-Yeah.
Course. I just...
I understand
it's the right thing to do.
I just... I don't know if I'm...
if I'm the right guy
to-to do it.
Don't try to help her,
all right?
Okay? You-you just being here,
that's enough.
Just do nothing. Just...
Just be.
("Light Years" by The National
playing)
♪ You were waiting outside
for me ♪
♪ In the sun ♪
♪ Laying down
to soak it all in ♪
♪ Before we had to run ♪
♪ I was always
ten feet behind you ♪
♪ From the start ♪
♪ Didn't know you were gone ♪
♪ Till we were in the car ♪
♪ Oh, the glory of it all ♪
♪ Was lost on me ♪
♪ Till I saw how hard it'd be
to reach you ♪
♪ And I would always be
light-years ♪
♪ Light-years away from you ♪
♪ Light-years ♪
♪ I thought I saw your mother
last weekend ♪
♪ In the park ♪
♪ It could've been anybody ♪
♪ It was after dark ♪
♪ Oh, the glory of it all ♪
♪ Was lost on me ♪
♪ Till I saw how hard it'd be
to reach you ♪
♪ And I would always be
light-years ♪
♪ Light-years away from you ♪
♪ Light-years ♪
♪ Light-years away from you. ♪
At least we got the news
to cheer us up, right?
(TV playing indistinctly)
Yeah.
I don't know
why I didn't go home.
It was literally
the doctor's orders, you know?
He said, "Go home. There's
nothing you can do here."
But, you know, s-staying here
is the right thing to do.
'Cause I don't...
I don't have any...
I don't have any real friends.
(exhales)
Other than my family, she's...
one of the only people
I truly care about.
So...
So here I am.
Here I am.
Wearing the same clothes
I wore yesterday and drinking
this hospital coffee.
Even though I know
there's a real coffee shop
two minutes away, I won't go.
I won't go. I refuse to leave.
You ever feel like you're...
(chuckles)
Like you're performing
in a movie
that no one else is watching?
You know what I mean?
Like, like, um...
Like you're always...
You're trying to do
the right thing.
You're trying to be
the right kind of person
instead of just...
...being that person.
I want to be the kind of man
that does the right thing
because
it's the right thing to do.
The kind of man
that's just there, you know?
Just there.
Think maybe I am.
(grunts softly)
Or I'm trying to be.
But how do you know?
How do you know if you are
or if you're acting
like you are?
You ever think about that?
(sighs)
I'm just waiting on my wife.
(door opens)
NURSE:
Sir?
You can see your friend now.
(monitor beeping steadily)
(door opens)
-(door closes)
-(footsteps approaching)
(kids chattering)
♪ ♪
Tell me what happened.
Dad tried to drowned me.
Your dad did not try
to drown you.
Yes, he did.
No.
Kev, the last thing
your dad wants to do
is drown you.
The first thing he wants to do
is teach you how to swim
before you jump on that board
so you don't drown.
I know those two things
don't seem like they're
in the right order, but...
It's like
trying to put one of the roofs
on your Lego houses
before you built the walls
to support it.
Your dad is really good
at building things.
And not just houses
but character, too.
So you would do well
by listening to him.
I'm not like Dad.
(chuckles):
Oh, believe me.
You're exactly like him.
-I'm right here
to hold on to, sweetie.
-REBECCA: Why don't we go
get back in the pool
with your sister.
And thank you
for the Creamsicle, Mom.
Thanks for the Creamsicle, Mom.
Okay, come on.
Hey. You know
that thing you said
-about being shallow and stupid?
-Yeah.
You are shallow. And stupid.
Really are, Kev.
(chuckles):
Yeah.
-Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
Finally, someone understands me!
KATE:
(chuckles) Oh,
and, also, you're gonna be
a screwup for a while.
-(Randall chuckles)
-But, um,
I know you pretty well,
and you'll
figure it out someday.
Not tomorrow.
Yeah, definitely not tomorrow.
(Kate chuckles)
(monitor beeping steadily)
Edie and Nicky
are watching Matty.
He's fine.
He's a little worried,
but he's doing better
knowing that
you're gonna be okay.
I'm not gonna bug you
with questions
about what you were doing
or what happened.
I'm just gonna
sit here with you.
I want you to know
that I'm here.
I'm not going anywhere.
I don't sleep well.
Bad habit I brought back.
So sometimes I go for a drive.
Just to calm my mind, not...
...think about all the people
that I, uh...
...left behind.
The ones I betrayed.
My friends who died.
The ones who survived
just to come back here and die.
It's all...
...tightly wound together
in a knot.
Gets to be a lot.
It's...
...so much.
It's at its heaviest when...
...I'm alone
and Matty goes back to his dad.
It's like it's crushing me.
But
last night...
It was really nice.
(chuckles)
It was wonderful with everybody.
Family and friends.
It's warm,
and laughter is so light.
Just want it to last forever.
But I knew it wouldn't.
So, I went for a drive
'cause I couldn't sleep.
(chuckles)
And I lived in our happy night
a little longer.
Until I got tired.
I got really tired.
(voice breaking):
And I didn't fight the sleep.
I just kept driving faster
and faster.
(crying)
To somewhere I...
I had never been, but...
...I often thought about going.
Hey.
It's okay, kid.
It's okay.
Okay, well,
where-where are you now?
Okay. So,
when you get to Mill Road,
navigation's
just gonna take you in circles,
-so just follow
the instructions I text you.
-(crying)
-Yeah.
-EDIE (whispers):
Come here, baby.
-(whispers):
Thank you very much.
-Come here, sweetie.
-Okay.
-Yes. Oh.
Yeah. No, I'll-I'll go tell
him... I'll go tell him now.
Okay. See you in a bit.
(guitar strumming)
All right. Look at you.
You're sounding great.
So, I just got off the phone
with your dad.
He said he's gonna come by
and pick you up.
I think you're gonna go
by the hospital
to visit your mom
on your way out of town, okay?
Your dad said it's cool.
Said he wants to see her, too.
Does she look bad?
Your mom? No.
No, your mom...
your mom could never look bad.
And it's gonna take more than a
fender bender to keep her down.
But I think it would
cheer her up to see you.
You know, when I was
at the hospital last night,
I was visiting your mom.
And I was gonna buy her
a get-well card,
but everything they had
was kind of lame.
You know? It was cheesy.
So, I was thinking
maybe you and I
work together, and we build her
a card of our own.
What do you think
about that? Hmm?
All right.
But I'm no good at painting.
Oh, no, it doesn't matter.
You don't have to be good.
You know,
when I first started acting,
every time I got a new role,
I would paint.
I would go buy a bunch of paint
and just-just have at it.
Freed up my mind.
But, uh, you know,
then I got self-conscious,
and I quit.
Picked up other hobbies,
like the guitar.
Want to help?
-I said okay, like, an hour ago.
-(laughs)
Yeah. Yeah, don't be shy.
Get in there. Blue?
-You like blue? All right.
-Yeah.
-Get some green.
-Green. Green and blue.
-Let's do them both. Yeah.
-Yeah.
-KEVIN: Ooh.
-MATTY: Blue's
my mom's favorite color.
KEVIN:
Get out of here.
Blue is my favorite color.
♪ ♪
Be good.
Thank you.
So, how's the foundation coming,
Studenmund?
He's Studenmund. I'm Gross.
Oh, no, you're not.
You're just a little dirty.
But, you know,
you're working construction,
so it's to be... figured.
It was a joke.
-Cute.
-KEVIN: Thanks.
After the inspection, we'll
start framing by end of week.
-Great.
-GROSS: Good.
Where'd you all learn
how to build, anyway?
STUDENMUND:
Seabees.
Navy Construction Battalion.
If you decide you want to build
another cabin,
you know who to call.
-Yeah? Okay. Thank you.
-All right.
KEVIN:
Wow.
CASSIDY:
Guys, come on.
I'll be fine.
I've been through worse,
-trust me.
-NICKY: No.
No, you haven't.
I spoke to the VA.
They have a specialist,
a readjustment counselor
that you can speak to.
She's good.
I spoke to her.
Your grandpa used to love
sitting up here.
He'd sit out here,
taking in the world, you know?
You know your cousin
was named after him?
Did you know that? Huh?
Can you say "Jack"?
Anyway, for your grandfather,
having the tough childhood
that he... that he did,
I think building that cabin
was sort of a pipe dream.
(breathes deeply)
But he would have built it.
He would have built it
if he'd just had the time.
-Up. Up.
-KATE: Thank you.
There we go. There we go.
All right.
All right, yeah.
We're gonna put it
right up there.
We're gonna
put it right up there.
(vehicle approaching)
-Hi. Straight back.
-Bring her in.
-Careful, careful, careful.
-Here she comes.
Okay. I'm all right.
My legs aren't broken.
Well, it's good to see
the hospital mellowed you out.
(door closes)
(Kevin exhales)
It's awfully quiet.
What'd you do, fire my crew?
(chuckles): No. No, that's
the sound of work being done,
not redone.
Ah, ah, ah.
Where you going?
You're this way.
NICKY:
Go on.
Got you set up here.
You'll have
-the whole room
to yourself, so...
-CASSIDY: Wow.
Okay.
Big Three Homes.
What's this?
Oh, that's...
(exhales)
Did you know that your crew
built schools in war zones?
(Nicky chuckles)
Yeah. Why do you think
we hired 'em?
I think we should
hire a few more.
-CASSIDY: Few more what?
-More of your guys and gals.
I think we should
hire more vets.
That's great, Kev,
but we've already got
enough workers for the house.
What if I got us
more homes to build?
How much money you got, kid?
("The Guitar Man"
by Bread playing)
(exhales)
♪ Who draws the crowd
and plays so loud, baby ♪
♪ It's the guitar man ♪
♪ Who's gonna steal
the show... ♪
All right.
Here we go.
What's this? You want to clap?
-Patty-cake?
-(crying)
♪ He can make you cry ♪
Shh, shh.
♪ He will bring you down... ♪
Want me to hold you?
Want me to get you here?
How about this? How about this?
How about that?
Huh? It's okay.
What do you think? Huh?
♪ Miles and miles a day ♪
Hmm?
♪ To find another place
to play ♪
(stops crying)
♪ Night after night,
who treats you right, baby ♪
♪ It's the guitar man... ♪
-FLIGHT ATTENDANT:
Get you anything, sir?
-Oh, um...
No, I think we're fine.
♪ Listen to the guitar man ♪
♪ He will bring... ♪
You're good.
I'm getting there.
♪ Make you cry... ♪
♪ Him moving,
but no one seems to know ♪
♪ What it is
that makes him go. ♪
Captioning sponsored by
20th CENTURY FOX TELEVISION
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org